♪
[RYOTA]
Before I was reincarnated,
I was a miserable salaryman
at a toxic company.
Now I'm in a crazy world
where everything's an item drop
from monsters.
In this new life,
I'm stuck at level 1.
But lucky for me,
my unique skill has maxed out
all my drop stats to rank S.
And today
I'm being hugged by a mummy,
practically stalked
by some pretty boy
and swarmed by bugs!
I don't think
this is going very well at all!
♪
[Emily humming]
[exclaims]
Yay! It tastes so good!
I am enjoying my life very much.
I always wonder
if you're watching me.
[gunshots]
♪
[Ryota sighs]
First skeletons, then zombies,
and now mummies, too?
Dark theme.
Man, that last one was rough.
I'm out of bullets. Great.
[WOMAN]
Ryota's speed increased by one.
My speed, huh?
[screams]
Get off me!
[grunting]
[exclaims]
♪
Oh, that's right.
My strength is at S.
Probably better off
using my hands here.
[crow cawing]
[sighs]
-[NEPTUNE] Hi.
-Hmm?
Ryota Sato.
Isn't that right?
-Yeah?
-Thought so. Great! My name's--
-So, is this the guy, Nep?
-Yes. Seems like it.
Wait. You mean "the" guy?
[ALL]
Hmm.
[RYOTA]
How do they know who I am?
And why are they just staring
at me like that?
So, uh,
what can I do for you three?
[NEPTUNE] I was hoping
for an arm-wrestling match.
Okay.
Never heard that one before.
I'm quite curious about this
power you have. Fascinated.
I've heard so much,
you've filled me with intrigue.
Huh?
♪
What do you say?
You up for a match with me?
[RYOTA]
Is he for real?
All airbrushed and chiseled with
cute girls dangling off of him.
Who does he think he is?
I can't wait to shoot him down!
[thuds]
Yeah, you're on. Let's do it.
[NEPTUNE]
Glad to hear that.
Well then. You ready?
Sure.
[NEPTUNE]
And, go!
[Ryota groans]
Oh, man. He's strong!
[groans]
♪
[both grunting and groaning]
[slams]
[crowd gasps]
-No!
-Did Neptune actually lose?
[chuckles]
You're really good at that!
Yeah, you too.
Wait a minute. Is he...?
Um, what's the Neptune?
You haven't heard about them?
They're the most powerful
organization in all of Secro.
-Like that Neptune?
-[NEPTUNE] Hey.
Would you like to go
another round?
[sighs]
No, I'm good. I think we've made
enough of a scene here already.
Aw. I see. Very well, then.
In that case.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[crowd exclaims]
[Ryota groans]
Seriously?
What the hell's wrong with you?
Wow! You're not half bad!
In fact, I like you.
Tell me, any interest
in joining our family?
-[gasps]
-[MAN] For real?
He just got scouted
by the Neptune family!
[MAN 2] No kidding,
and by the leader himself!
Uh...
[EMILY]
What? You turned down Neptune?
Yeah. Why wouldn't I?
I didn't come here
to join a group.
And besides, I'm having
a great time living here
with just you, ya know?
It's home.
Aw. I'm so happy to hear you
say that. I feel the same way!
[chuckles]
[EVE] It's weird how cocky
you are for a low-level.
What? When'd you get here?
[EMILY] Anyway,
that really is impressive.
You got scouted by Neptune!
What an honor!
I'm sure
you've been on his radar
because you've helped out
so many people.
I'm proud of you!
You're a hero, Yota!
[sighs]
♪
A hero!
That's what she called me!
[MARGARET'S BUTLER]
So, we meet again.
What? Oh.
Uh, a lot of boxes.
[MARGARET'S BUTLER]
Oh, you noticed them?
This is our company's
latest product.
-It's called Pandora's Box!
-Pandora's Box, huh?
Yeah. And lucky you,
right place and time.
♪
Observe as it automatically
absorbs dropped items,
and then, for an added bonus,
displays the face of the person
who found them!
[Ryota gasps]
See, there are still a few
who don't believe our air
was really harvested
by the princess.
So, we invented these items
to fix that.
Hey, you're an adventurer,
aren't you?
I'll give you a few.
Use them well
and tell your friends
about them!
I don't think I need this many.
[sighs]
But if they actually do suck up
all dropped items
automatically, then...
[cheers]
I was right! Thank you, Pandora,
for helping me finally take
the seeds outside the dungeon!
And if I can take them out...
[explodes]
[gun shots]
[laughs]
Then that means
I can get some freezing bullets
without going through
hell to find them!
Wait.
Hang on.
♪
[RYOTA]
If I have this box...
[EMILY]
Yota, what are you doing here?
Oh! Hey, Emily.
Hello. Getting in some shooting?
[clattering]
They're coming!
[explodes]
[EMILY]
Oh, my gosh!
[RYOTA]
It worked! I knew it would!
[gun shot]
[grunts]
Yes! There they are!
[exclaims]
[WOMAN]
Ryota acquired a fire bullet.
Have I now?
Then fire comes after ice!
So, what's this one
our mummy friend left behind?
-[WOMAN] Ryota acquired...
-Yota?
-[WOMAN] a healing bullet.
-What just happened?
How are you doing that?
Hold on, so these...?
This is awesome!
I gotta get more!
[laughs]
Check out all these
special bullets I scored!
-[EMILY] Wow! That's amazing!
-[RYOTA] Right?
I'll show you
the last thing I learned.
[gasps]
What's the matter?
Um, I just felt
a really powerful chill.
A chill?
Oh! That's what I forgot!
I came here
to warn you about it!
About what?
The magic storm.
There's one on its way now!
I don't like the sound of that.
[Ryota groans]
♪
[ERZA] So, um,
is Emily not with you today?
[RYOTA] No, unfortunately.
She had some shopping to do,
so we're working
separately this time.
Oh. That make sense.
What,
with the storm coming and all.
Huh? So, is there
some kind of connection
between these storms
and shopping?
Yeah, sort of. That's an odd way
to put it, though.
Hold on a minute.
Are you saying you've never
heard of a magic storm before?
Actually, I have.
I mean, Emily told me a little.
But she didn't know
much about them either.
I give up.
Why don't you enlighten me?
I'd like to know more.
Absolutely!
I'm always happy to help!
Magic storms
are a natural phenomenon.
However,
they tend to happen very rarely.
It's basically a time
when everyone's magic skills
are suddenly restricted.
[RYOTA] Like,
they can't use magic at all?
[ERZA] Right. And depending on
how big the storms are,
the effects can reach
beyond the town
to the dungeons as well.
[RYOTA]
Wow, that's kinda scary.
The storm that's coming
is one of those.
The kind that reaches
the dungeons.
You can't be caught off guard.
That's why
everyone who uses magic
is taking the day off
to prepare.
But that leads
to reduced availability of drops
from dungeons people
are supposed to receive.
They have less currency in hand,
and it affects
the way they shop.
[RYOTA]
I can see that.
[REYES]
Someone please! I need help!
[both gasp]
Help me!
Anyone?
My partner Rosa has been
left behind back in Silicon!
[all gasp]
That's Reyes!
What's Silicon?
It's one of the dungeons
that's intended for magic users.
What? Didn't you say all magic
users were taking the day off?
[ERZA] Reyes and Rosa
just came to Secro recently.
I'm guessing
they must have found out
about the magic storm
a little too late.
[crying]
[indistinct chatter]
So, why won't they help?
[NEPTUNE]
Tragic, isn't it?
Whoa!
You can't sneak up like that!
What're you doing here, anyway?
I came to see if maybe
you'd changed your mind.
-No, I haven't.
-Well, that's a shame.
Anyway.
Of all places,
it had to be Silicon.
Why? What do you mean by that?
The monsters there,
they're seriously difficult.
Even I'm staying
as far away as I can.
Even you, huh?
The thing is that monsters
in Silicon
take nearly zero damage
from non-magical attacks.
That's right.
So, they have my condolences,
but I can't put my life
on the line.
Not for a complete stranger.
[EMILY] I'm proud of you!
You're a hero, Yota!
♪
Please.
Somebody have mercy. Please.
[RYOTA]
Hey.
I'll help you.
Just tell me what I need to do.
[chuckles]
[EYNA] It was me, Eyna!
Erza! Whatcha doing?
[ERZA]
It smells just like Ryota.
-[ERZA] Please use responsibly.
-[EYNA] I can't get enough!
♪
[panting]
Go to level three.
You should be able
to find Rosa down there.
[panting]
[gun shots]
That's a fire bullet!
♪
Yes!
[gun shots]
There, that should stop it
from turning into a stray.
My special bullets are still
working during the magic storm!
Awesome! I'll actually
be able to save her!
Wow, there's a ton of them here.
[gun shots]
Got it!
[EMILY] Hey, Yota.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
-[ERZA] Emily!
-What is it?
Wait.
What's Yota's cart doing here?
He had to run.
Something suddenly came up.
[EMILY]
What? Is he in trouble?
♪
This is it.
[creature screeches]
[RYOTA]
Already?
[gun shots]
Rosa! You here?
[sighs]
It's her!
[groaning]
This looks bad.
Hang tight! I'll be...
Now is not the time!
♪
Oh, come on! I'm out of bullets?
[MAN]
Hey! Silicon is that way!
Don't go there! It's dangerous!
Well, we don't really have
a choice at this point!
Agreed.
Low-Level's carrots
are important feeding.
No, that's not the reason
I wanna help him.
Hmm. Okay, then why?
Because Yota reminds me
of someone.
He's just like my mother!
[thuds]
[grunts]
♪
[chuckles]
-Wow, Mom! That was amazing!
-Thanks.
And I'm glad you're here to
learn how I handle these things.
Are you guys okay?
Um, yeah.
[Reina sighs]
[REINA] You need to
thoroughly understand
what you're capable of
before taking on a dungeon.
Otherwise, you're just setting
yourselves up for failure.
[MEN]
Yes, ma'am.
Good. I think that's enough
lecturing for today.
Time to live it up! Right?
[EMILY] If she ever found
someone in trouble,
she'd help them
and lecture them,
and then show them a good time.
They loved her. My mother
was both strong and kind.
But then, one day...
♪
[grunts]
-Hey, what's wrong?
-We're in serious trouble!
You'd better run!
It's looking like
a stray dragon!
[gasps]
[creature growls]
Mommy?
Don't you worry.
Everything'll be fine.
I promise.
I'm gonna stay and take care
of this, all right?
I want you to go
with the others.
-Understand?
-Yeah. Okay.
[growls]
[groans]
Mommy, no!
Mommy!
Please don't be upset.
Are the others safe?
[crying]
They are. Everyone else is fine.
Good.
I'm so glad.
No crying now.
The time for that
will come later.
[gasps]
♪
Take me away from here.
I need to be with the others.
But I'm going to need your help.
I don't want my items
to turn into strays.
Can you do that?
[EMILY]
Yes.
You know the way.
Will you continue going
into the dungeons after this?
[Emily sighs]
Please don't be reckless.
Not just for your safety,
but for those who love you.
okay?
[EMILY] She was concerned
for everyone else
right up to the end.
My mother was a hero.
♪
Yota is the same way!
He's a hero like my mom!
He's done so much
to help so many people.
So now it's finally my turn
to help him when he's in need!
♪
[gun shots]
Regular bullets
aren't cutting it. Crap!
[EMILY]
Yota!
Emily? Whoa!
What the...?
Why are there zombies?
You go ahead.
We'll take care of her!
You need to handle
all the strays!
We brought more bullets for you!
You two are lifesavers!
Thank you! Both!
[gun shots]
♪
I'll take it from here!
[gasps]
Rosa!
She's hurt.
I won't be able to use
healing magic during the storm!
What do I do?
[RYOTA]
No need to worry about that.
Huh?
♪
-What was that?
-It's a healing bullet.
[WOMAN]
Ryota acquired a healing bullet.
Hold on, so these...?
Sorry, I didn't explain it,
but that ought to do the trick.
Rosa!
Thank you!
Thank you so much! Truly.
Hmm. How cool. We saved her.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
And great idea, by the way.
I'm super impressed. Way to go.
It really wasn't that big
of a deal, honestly.
♪
I only imitated
what I've seen you do.
Regardless, you saved my life
and I'm grateful to you.
-You, too, Eve.
-Carrots before thank yous.
Right. Maybe we should
get something to eat
before we go home.
You two must be tired.
I'd rather eat at home
than stay out.
Huh?
Yeah, but I'm not a good cook
and I don't want you
to have to do it.
It's fine! Let's go!
-Huh?
-[EVE] Huh?
[EMILY] I'm enjoying my life
very much.
I always wonder
if you're watching me.
Are you, Mom?
♪